What's in store for term two?
Well, term two is design such that you build upon
the foundation you developed in term one and get your hands
dirty working on some of the most relevant applications of
AI and machine learning to quantitative investment today.
You will develop skills to automate the analysis of text-based financial data.
This is data that financial analysts use to generate investment insights,
but until recently this required labor-intensive human analysis.
You'll learn to apply in natural language processing and
recurrent neural networks in order to
enhance and automate traditional financial analysis.
You will learn sophisticated machine learning
based methods that combine multiple signals into complex strategies.
In other words, instead of creating complex conditional factors by hand,
you'll train a machine learning model to create them instead.
Finally, you will learn the intricacies of back-testing,
which is crucial to inferring how well
a strategy may perform under real-world conditions.
We're really excited for you and for what you'll be able to
do once you complete these projects. So let's get started